ID:23
Summary: After adding  a new league with an existing name average score duplicated from the first league

Severity (Critical, Major, Medium, Minor):Minor
Description: Average score is duplicated in new league with existing name of leagues
 
Requirement ID:56
Reproducibility: always
Reproduced on: Android 10

Steps to reproduce:
1.Open QA Battle Score
2.Click [Add League]
3.Enter any league name
4.Click [add game]
5.Enter any game score
6. Click [Add League]
7.Enter the same league name
Actual result: average score is duplicated

Expected result: average score is 0



ID:15
Summary:  Status:413 Request Entity Too Large when username- valid max  characters length  and strict: false in body request 

Severity (Critical, Major, Medium, Minor): Medium
Description: Search request when username- valid max  characters length, server is not able to process and display Status:413 Request Entity Too Large
Reproducibility: always
Workaround:

Steps to reproduce:
1.Choose method Post
2. Paste Url: http://178.124.206.52/app/ws/
3. Choose content-Type: application/json
4.Paste in Body:
{"user»: rangaradjangoo",
"strict”: false}
5.Click [Send] button

Actual result: Status:413 Request Entity Too Large

Expected result: Status:200 OK
Operation status code: 0
All users by partial  username are listed with the following attributes:"id","username","realname","password" and "email"




ID:16
Summary: system crash after clicking “About WordPad” in “Help” in WordPad

Severity (Critical, Major, Medium, Minor):Major
Description: Application closes after clicking [Help] in the header and then [About WordPad]
Reproducibility: always
Reproduced on: Win 10 

Steps to reproduce:
1.Open WordPad
2.Click “Help” in the header
3.Click “About WordPad”


Actual result: system crash

Expected result: “Information about WordPad” is displayed 



ID:3 
Summary:Button[Минск] is disabled in the footer of IT-Академия application
 
Severity (Critical, Major, Medium, Minor):Medium
Description:It is impossible to click the [Минск] button in the footer of IT-Академия application, it is disabled for use.

Reproducibility: always
Reproduced on: Win10,Yandex,Mozilla Firefox,Opera Version, Lenovo TB-X303L,IpadPro,iPhone 6
Workaround: Click “Минск” in list box”Выберете город”
 
Steps to reproduce:
1.Open https://www.it-academy.by/
2.Click “Гродно” in list box “Выберите город”
3. Click[Минск] button in the footer

 
Actual result:IT-Академия в гродно is displayed

 
Expected result: It-Академия в Минске is displayed
 


ID:6 
Summary:Error is not displayed after entering  invalid data in fields of form “Записаться на курс” in It Академия application

 
Severity (Critical, Major, Medium, Minor): Medium
Description:After entering invalid data in fields of form “Записаться на курс” in It Академия application error is not displayed
Reproducibility: always
Reproduced on: Google Chrome ,Yandex,Mozilla Firefox,Opera version, LenovoTB-X303L iPhone 6,Ipad Pro,Samsung A51
Workaround:
Steps to reproduce:
1.Open page: https://www.it-academy.by/course/software-testing-engineer/st1-funktsionalnoe-testirovanie-po/ 
2 Click on the [Записаться] button
3. fill in the fields "Имя"(2 Cyrillic characters for exemple "Ян")
4. fill in the field "Фамилия" ( 7 Cyrillic characters for example " Бородов")
5. fill in the field ”Отчество” (max.15 Cyrillic characters for example "Блаблаблабвович")
6. fill in the field "Дата рождения" (format: date-month-year (approx. 01 01 2001 without spaces)
7. Fill in the field "телефон" (+375257950928).
8. Fill in the field "сообщение"(max.+1 1025 valid character)
9. Fill in the field "E-Mail"(ilau@mail.ru)
10. Click ListBox “Выберете ваш регион проживания” 
11. Click in Drop-down list “Минск и Минская область”
12. Click [Отправить].
 
Actual result: “Ваша заявка отправлена успешно” is displayed

 
Expected result: Error is displayed



ID:4 

Summary: Page “Карта сайта” is not opened   when“Гродно,Гомель,Могилев,Брест,Витебск” is selected in list box “Выберете город”of IT-Academy application
 
Severity (Critical, Major, Medium, Minor):Minor
Description:it is impossible to open page “Карта сайта” when Гродно,Гомель,Могилев,Брест,Витебск” is selected in list box “Выберете город” at the top of home page  IT-Academy application
Reproducibility: always
Reproduced on: Win10, Lenovo TB-X303L, Yandex, iPhone 6

Workaround: 
Select “Минск” in the list box  “Выберете город” at the top of home page  IT-Academy application
Steps to reproduce:
1.Open https://www.it-academy.by/
2.Click “Гродно” in list box “Выберите город”
3. Click[Карта сайта] button in the footer

 
Actual result: IT-Академия в Гродно is displayed

 
Expected result: Page “Карта сайта” is opened



ID:8
Summary: Note is not deleted from note page after clicking delete button

Severity (Critical, Major, Medium, Minor):Medium
Description: After clicking delete button from note window  note is  not deleted from home page
Reproducibility: always
Reproduced on: Lenovo Tab 4 Android 7.1.1

Steps to reproduce:
1.Create any note
2.Click on it from home page
3.Click delete button


Actual result: Note is deleted

Expected result: Note is not deleted from main page


ID:11
Summary: New empty note is created after clicking  back on device from notes page

Severity (Critical, Major, Medium, Minor):Medium
Description: After clicking back on device from note window new empty note is created at home page
Reproducibility: always
Reproduced on: Lenovo Tab 4 Android 7.1.1

Steps to reproduce:
1.Click [new note] button at the top of home page
2.Click back on device


Actual result: New empty note is created at home page

Expected result: New empty note is  not  created



